1. ## Let's get started with Python

 **Python** is a perfect language to dive into programming. Python has a gentle learning curve yet is also used by professional software developers. You don't need to know all the complexities of algorithms and syntax, you just want to write basic programs to automate mundane computer tasks.

 * Start a Python 3 editor. You can do this by either clicking on `Menu > Programming > Python 3 (IDLE)` or by opening a terminal and typing `idle3 &`
 * When the Python shell window opens up, click `File > New Window` to open a new window. This is where you'll enter your code.
 * Save the file as *blinking_led.py*
 * Enter the following code:

  ```Python
  from gpiozero import LED
  from time import sleep

  led = LED(18)

  while True:
      led.on()
      sleep(1)
      led.off()
      sleep(1)
  ```
 * Save with `Ctrl + S` and run by pressing the `F5` button.

2. ## How does it work?

 * To interact with the GPIO pins we'll use the `gpiozero` library and the `LED` class which is used to interact with the pin as an LED.
 * We set pin 18 to operate as a LED with `led = LED(18)`.
 * In the loop we alternate between setting the LED on using `led.on()` and then waiting for one second before turning the LED off with `led.off()`

 ## Challenge:

 * Make the light stays on longer than it goes off
 * Replace the code to turn the light on and off with the `led.toggle()` remembering you still need to sleep(1) to ensure the lights stays on or off for one second.
 > ### Hint
 You should just have two lines of code inside the while loop

 * Replace the entire `while` loop with `led.blink()`
 > ### Advanced
 Try to modify the behavior of `led.blink()` using various arguments as documented on  [pythonhosted.org/gpiozero/outputs/#led](http://pythonhosted.org/gpiozero/outputs/#led).
