1. ## Controlling an LED from Minecraft

  Using `gpiozero` along with `mcpi`, a python module that provides classes and functions to interact with the Minecraft Python API, we can add some pretty cool interactions between our LED and the world within Minecraft.

  The following exercise shows us how to control the LED by standing on a block of Redstone Ore. Get coding!

 * Start Minecraft running on your Pi `Menu > Games > Minecraft`
 * In the Python shell, click `File > New Window` to open a new window.
 * Save the file as `minecraft_led.py`
 * Enter the following code:

 ```Python
 from mcpi.minecraft import Minecraft
 from gpiozero import LED

 # Initialize minecraft and our LED pin
 mc = Minecraft.create()
 led = LED(18)

 # blocks
 redstone_ore = 73

 while True:
     x, y, z = mc.player.getTilePos()
     block = mc.getBlock(x, y-1, z)
     if block == redstone_ore:
         led.on()
     else:
         led.off()
 ```

2. ## Exercise continued

 * Save with `Ctrl + S` and run by pressing the `F5` button.
 * Remember to add some redstone ore blocks so you can stand on them (unless your world already has some just lying around :D)

  ## How does it work?

 * We interact with the Minecraft API using `mcpi.minecraft` and the `Minecraft` class and as before we're interacting with GPIO using the `gpiozero` library and the `LED` class.
 * We initialize the minecraft library's connection to the game using `mc = Minecraft.create()`
 * We set pin 18 to operate as a LED with `led = LED(18)`.
 * We set a variable to hold the type of block which we will need to find to turn on the LED. Each type of block in minecraft is represented by a different number. For example air is 0, grass is 2, snow is 78. in this case we define `redstone_one = 73` as redstone ore is represented by 73.
 * In the `while` loop we fetch the players current position using `mc.player.getTilePos()`. This is returned as a set of co-ordinates and is mapped to x, y, and z
 * y represents vertical position of the player so we use y-1 to find the block one place beneath the player. The type of block is returned from `mc.getBlock`
 * Finally we check if that block is redstone ore. If it is then turn the `led.on()`. Otherwise, turn the `led.off()`

 ## Challenge:

 * Read about the [Minecraft API](http://www.stuffaboutcode.com/p/minecraft-api-reference.html) and change the block type from Redstone Ore to something else. Remember to save and run your code again after any updates!
