1. ## Let's add a switch

  So far we've looked at using software to control the physical world. Let's look at how we can use a switch to modify behavior within the Minecraft world.

 * In the Python shell, click `File > New Window` to open a new window.
 * Save the file as `minecraft_teleport.py`
 * Enter the code shown below.
 * Save with `Ctrl + S` and run with `F5`.

 ```Python
 from mcpi.minecraft import Minecraft
 from time import sleep
 from gpiozero import LED, Button

 mc = Minecraft.create()
 led = LED(18)
 button = Button(4)
 start = mc.player.getTilePos()

 while True:
     sleep(0.1)
     if button.is_pressed:
         led.on()
         mc.postToChat("Teleport activated!")
         sleep(1)
         mc.player.setPos(start.x, start.y, start.z)
         led.off()
 ```

2. ## How does it work?

 Lets look at some elements we've not encountered before:
 * As before we're interacting with GPIO using the `gpiozero` library and this time we're also interacting with the Button class.
 * We set pin 4 to operate as a button with `button = Button(4)`.
 * We set a variable start to hold the position that the player started in using `mc.player.getTilePos()`.
 * In the `while` loop we check if the button has been pressed using `button.is_pressed`. If it is then we turn on the LED but also post a message to the game to indicate teleport has started using `mc.postToChat("Teleport activated")`. We then teleport the player back to their starting position using `mc.player.setPos` and turn off the LED.

 ## Challenge:

 * What happens when you run the code and press the button?
> ### Advanced #1
Can you add any other cool effects when the button is pressed?
> ### Advanced #2
How about changing the type of blocks that surround the player so it appears like a transporter beam?
> ### Advanced #3
Can you make the player jump instead of teleport?
